# Model:Kuramoto Oscillator (Eq.1)

Code: Kuramoto_Oscilator_on_single_layer_regular_network.jl

Input:   'α' (alpha) : phase lag parameter (Eq.1) taken from the range [0 < α < π]

Output: Time Series of phases of all N nodes in N x time (single-time or snapshot) matrix. All phase values are wrapped (mod 2π) in the [-π,π] envelop. 

In the following, we write specific values of α used to generate figures displayed in manuscript:

* Fig 2a depicting Incoherent state for FHN Oscilators for φ = π/2 + 0.35, Data File: Fig_2a.dat. Dataset for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by using different initial conditions, considering states at different time-steps and changing φ values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.

* Fig 2b depicts Chimera state for FHN Oscilators for φ = π/2 - 0.1, Data File: Fig_2b.dat. Dataset for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by using different initial conditions, considering states at different time-steps and changing φ values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.

* Fig 2c depicts Chimera state for FHN Oscilators for φ = π/2 - 0.15, Data File: Fig_2c.dat. ataset for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by using different initial conditions, considering states at different time-steps and changing φ values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.

* Fig 2d depicts Coherent state for FHN Oscilators for φ = π/2 - 0.35, Data File: Fig_2d.dat. ataset for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by considering states at different time-steps, and changing φ values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.
