# Model:FitzHugh-Nagumo (FHN) Oscillators with Rotational Coupling (Eq.4)

Code: FitzHugh–Nagumo_Oscilator_on_single_layer_ring_network.jl

Input:   'φ' (phii)  : rotation angle of the coupling matrix (Eq.5) taken from the range [π/2-0.35 < φ < π/2 +0.35]

Output: Time Series of all N nodes in N (Only excitatory varriable u) x time (single or time window) matrix. Each node has two variables u,v, only u variable has been selected to display the figures, resulting in N time series.

In the following, we write specific values of φ used to generate figures displayed in manuscript:

* Fig 2a depicting Incoherent state for FHN Oscilators for φ = π/2 + 0.35, Data File: Fig_2a.dat. Dataset for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by using different initial conditions, considering states from different time-steps and changing φ values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.

* Fig 2b depicts Chimera state for FHN Oscilators for φ = π/2 - 0.1, Data File: Fig_2b.dat. Dataset for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by using different initial conditions, considering states from different time-steps and changing φ values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.

* Fig 2c depicts Chimera state for FHN Oscilators for φ = π/2 - 0.15, Data File: Fig_2c.dat. ataset for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by using different initial conditions, considering states from different time-steps and changing φ values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.

* Fig 2d depicts Coherent state for FHN Oscilators for φ = π/2 - 0.35, Data File: Fig_2d.dat. ataset for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by considering states from different time-steps and changing φ values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.
